Looking back at everything we’ve accomplished this year, I am once again awed by the tremendous creativity
 and commitment of the men and women who make up The Walt Disney Company. As always, our thousands of cast
 members and employees around the world continued to go beyond the expected to achieve the extraordinary for our
 consumers, our guests, and our shareholders. And I can think of no better way to start this letter highlighting our
 success than by expressing my profound and continued appreciation for the people who made it possible. With such
 immense talent and dedication going for us, there really is no limit to what we can achieve.
 In the last several years we’ve effectively integrated the major acquisitions of Pixar and Marvel and are well on the
 way to doing the same with Lucasfilm, creating an unprecedented and unparalleled collection of the world’s greatest
 brands and creative content, along with tremendous growth potential for the foreseeable future. We’ve also made a
 number of strategic investments to position the company to create even greater value and leveraged the strength of
 our entire portfolio of businesses to grow our presence around the world. In the process, The Walt Disney Company
 has been recognized as one of the world’s most reputable, admired and socially responsible companies by the likes of
 Forbes, Fortune, and Barron’s
 – applauded for our overall performance as well as the integrity with which we operate.
 Fiscal 2013 was yet another exciting year for Disney, as the company delivered our third consecutive year of record
 results, and a number of our businesses achieved important milestones and surpassed previous performance records.
 As I write this, Disney’s stock price is hovering at an all time high, and we’re entering the new year with a great deal to
 be proud of and even more to look forward to.
 Our performance in fiscal 2013 reflects the impact of our acquisitions and capital investments and our long-term
 strategy focused on exceptional creativity, innovative use of technology and global growth.
 On the creative front, in 2013 Walt Disney Animation Studios reclaimed its rightful place among the world’s best
 in animation, thanks to the continuing creative resurgence that began with our acquisition of Pixar. It’s been exciting
 to watch the creative momentum build over the last four years, from the release of
 The Princess and the Frog to Tangled to last year’s Oscar-nominated Wreck-It Ralph.
 With this year’s breathtakingly beautiful Frozen, Disney Animation
 has taken a tremendous creative leap forward, right to the top of the industry once again. Given its world-class
 animation, fantastic storytelling and phenomenal music, Frozen has all the hallmarks of a timeless Disney classic. 
 It has already exceeded $700 million at the global box office, earned the Golden Globe for best animated feature film,
 and was just nominated for the Oscar as well. The incredible impact of
 Frozen isn’t limited to the box office, it’s also the first soundtrack from a Disney animated movie
 to reach number one on the charts since 1995, and retail sales of Frozen
 merchandise are exceeding our highest expectations, becoming an important driver for our Consumer Products
 business over the holiday season.
 Frozen’s critical and commercial success, added to Disney-Pixar’s huge success with
 Monsters University over the summer, made 2013 an important year for animation across the company, distinguishing
 Disney once again as the home of the world’s most creative and innovative animators.
 Four years after becoming part of Disney, Marvel has emerged as a creative juggernaut for the company as we
 continue to introduce its rich universe of characters into a variety of businesses including movies, television, theme
 parks, and consumer products. In 2013 we followed the phenomenal success of last year’s Marvel’s
 The Avengers with yet another blockbuster. Iron Man 3 was the highest grossing movie of 2013, earning Marvel Studios the distinction of
 being the first film studio in history to ever release two movies in a row that each exceeded a billion dollars at the box
 office. The success of both Iron Man 3 and Thor: The Dark World, added to other creative triumphs across our studios
, helped deliver the best box office results in Disney history -- more than $4.7 billion in total ticket sales in calendar 2013.
 It was also a big year for Marvel on other content platforms: in addition to launching the first-ever live-action Marvel
 series on ABC, we also announced an unprecedented deal to create exclusive original Marvel programming for Netflix
 beginning in 2015.
 It’s only been a few years since ABC Entertainment changed the way the world watched television forever.
 Although it may feel like we’ve always been able to get our favorite shows whenever we want on whatever device we
 prefer, it’s really only been an option since ABC made it possible--first by putting the network’s “must have” content
 on iTunes in 2006, then streaming TV shows online.
 ABC was the logical choice to lead the industry forward because it
 had the shows viewers didn’t want to miss.
 It still does; now that DVRs are fairly ubiquitous in American homes, ABC
 consistently has some of the most recorded shows on television, growing the audience by as much as 40% as fans watch
 the recorded content.
 The same focus on high-quality content and innovation helped make 2013 one of the best years in the history of
 ABC News -- with Good Morning America taking the top spot as the number one morning show in the country and
 ABCNews/Yahoo the number one source of news and information on the web. Likewise, a compelling mix of national
 and local content delivered across a variety of platforms made ABC-owned stations local market leaders and set WABC
 apart as the most watched television station in the nation yet again.
 Since ABC took those first industry-defining steps, our entire company has intentionally become platform agnostic.
 We believe great content thrives on any high-quality viewing device and can grow the audience and drive consumers
 to embrace new platforms and business models.
 However, we now have the added challenge of accurately measuring
 the full reach of that content to recognize its actual value and, as home to some of TV’s most recorded and streamed
 content, ABC has a strong incentive to continue challenging conventional wisdom and traditional models to change the
 status quo once again.
 We’re also leveraging cutting-edge technology in our parks. Walt Disney famously said, “Disneyland will never
 be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.” I’ve always loved that quote
 and the spirit behind it, and the company maintains that view for all of our parks, constantly asking how we can make
 them even more fun for families around the world.
 In 2013 we introduced an historic technological innovation to enhance the guest experience at our Walt Disney
 World Resort with the launch of Disney’s
 MyMagic+
 , featuring a variety of online tools to help guests get the most out
 of their time with us, including convenient “MagicBands” serving as park tickets, hotel keys and a convenient form
 of payment all rolled into one. We began testing the program in January with a small number of our guests, and have
 gradually expanded throughout the year. By the holidays all our resort guests at Disney World had the chance to
 experience MyMagic+ and we expect to complete the roll out this year, giving all of our guests the power to personalize
 their Disney experience.
 The transformation of Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort with the completion of Cars Land,
 the expansion of Fantasyland at Walt Disney World, the addition of three new lands to Hong Kong Disneyland and the
 incredible celebration of Tokyo Disneyland’s 30th anniversary led to record attendance at every one of these parks in
 fiscal 2013.
 Our Parks and Resorts are not only extraordinary vacation destinations, they’re also incredible beacons for the
 Disney brand around the world, defining Disney in the hearts of millions of people. If you want to know what Disney
 “magic” is, just step into one of our five resorts or aboard one of our four incredible cruise ships – which
 Condé Nast Traveler has named the “Top Cruise Ships of the World.”
 In less than two years we’ll add another extraordinary park when Shanghai Disney Resort opens its gates for the
 first time. Construction of this spectacular resort went “vertical” in October, and continues to rise a bit more every day
 with the help of Disney Imagineers, the contributions of some of the finest craftsmen and artists in China and around
 the world, and the tireless efforts of the thousands of workers bringing our vision to life.
 If our parks are the standard bearers of the Disney brand around the world, Disney Channels are most certainly the
 daily touchstone, taking Disney directly into the lives of families in 164 different markets. In 2013, Disney Channel was
 number one in the U.S. among Kids 2-11, Kids 6-11 and Tweens 9-14. And, with a rich mix of local and global content
 delivered in 34 languages on 108 channels, Disney Channel is a top choice for kids and families in more than 428 million
 homes worldwide.
 Disney Consumer Products also plays an essential role in our global growth, leveraging the company’s high-quality
 content to build powerful franchises and boosting our presence in markets around the world. Fueled by the enormous
 creativity of Disney, Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm, in fiscal 2013 Disney Stores delivered their best performance to date
 and with double-digit growth across all lines of business, Disney Consumer Products delivered operating income of
 more than $1 billion for the first time in the company’s history.
 We’re growing around the world with strategies and products that respect
 different cultures and are relevant to
 local consumers, taking an entrepreneurial approach in each market, building the Disney brand and growing the
 company in ways that make sense to consumers there. In effect, we’re building The Walt Disney Company from the
 ground up in each market–just as Walt Disney himself built the original company in the U.S. decades ago.
 We see tremendous opportunity in rapidly emerging markets like China, Russia, Latin America, Southeast Asia
 and India and we are actively growing our presence there. China and Russia have now joined Japan and the UK as the
 biggest international markets for our movies, and in 2013 movie fans in India embraced our theatrical releases, with
 our studios claiming the largest share of the local box office. Additionally, our free-to-air Disney Channel in Russia is
 now number one with kids in that country, making Disney a part of their daily lives; and the tremendous success of our
 locally produced telenovela for tweens in Latin America, Violetta, has spread to Europe, Russia and beyond, spawning a
 thriving consumer products business as well as sold-out concerts around the world.
 As The Walt Disney Company grows, we remain committed to being a world-class corporate citizen and creating
 a positive impact wherever we operate. Disney not only brings jobs and investment to local economies, we’ve
 provided millions of dollars for conservation efforts in 112 countries, and our employees have given more than eight
 million hours of their own time in service to their communities as Disney VoluntEARS. We’re taking important steps
 to promote worker safety in our global supply chain, including focusing our manufacturing in countries that we
 believe are more likely to continue to improve working conditions. We’re also making real progress in reducing our
 environmental impact – adapting our operations to significantly decrease the amount of refuse we send to landfills and
 lowering our net greenhouse gas emissions by half so far.
 Disney continually strives to be a company where our employees are proud to work, a brand our consumers trust,
 and an investment that inspires confidence among our shareholders. The global reputation we enjoy today for our high-
 quality products, strong performance, and corporate integrity reflects the commitment of everyone at Disney to do the
 right things for our business, in the right way.
 In the midst of tremendous success, in November we paused to mourn the loss of a very special member of the
 Disney family. Diane Disney Miller was the beloved daughter of Walt Disney, and she and her sister Sharon were Walt’s
 inspiration for Disneyland, a fact that gives her an enduring place in our company’s legacy and in the hearts of fans.
 In our many conversations over the years her unique perspective about her father only deepened my considerable
 appreciation for them both. She was incredibly generous in that regard, sharing personal memories that deepened our
 knowledge of the company’s history and the innovative genius who started it all.
 The new year brings changes to our Board of Directors as Judy Estrin steps down after 15 years of extraordinary 
 service, in keeping with Disney’s term limit guidelines. I have relied on Judy’s wisdom and integrity throughout my
 tenure and will miss having her valuable voice on the board. She’s made immeasurable contributions to this company,
 especially as we navigated our way into the digital era, thanks to her insight and perspective on the potential of
 disruptive technology and the vast opportunities it creates for our future. I personally thank Judy for her wise counsel,
 support, and friendship and I join the entire board in expressing our sincere appreciation for Judy’s service as a
 board member.
 With Judy’s departure, our Board has elected Jack Dorsey, chairman of Twitter Inc. and CEO of Square Inc., as
 an independent director. Jack is an incredibly talented entrepreneur who has helped create groundbreaking new
 businesses in the social media and commerce spaces. The perspective he brings to Disney and its Board is extremely
 valuable, given our strategic priorities, which include using the latest technologies and platforms to reach more people
 and enhance the relationship we have with our customers.
 The success we achieved in 2013 is a direct result of the long-term strategy and investments we began several years
 ago, serving as a sign of more to come. Already in the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we’ve had tremendous success with
 Thor: The Dark World from Marvel, Frozen from Walt Disney Animation, and Saving Mr. Banks from Walt Disney Studios.
 We had great attendance in our parks and resorts during the holiday season, and we just broke ground on our highly
 anticipated Avatar-themed land in Disney’s Animal Kingdom in Orlando.
 In the coming months we’ll release an incredible slate of movies including
 Muppets Most Wanted; the highly anticipated Maleficent starring Angelina Jolie as the iconic Disney villain;
 Big Hero 6 from Walt Disney Animation; two new Marvel movies, Captain America: The Winter Soldier
 and Guardians of the Galaxy; and Into the Woods, a live action musical starring Johnny Depp and Meryl Streep.
 Things get even more exciting in 2015, as the release of two blockbuster movies -- Marvel’s
 The Avengers: Age of Ultron and Star Wars: Episode VII
 -- and the grand opening of the spectacular, one-of-a-kind Shanghai Disney Resort
 promise to make 2015 one of the biggest years in Disney history and create even more extraordinary opportunities for
 long-term growth.
 On behalf of everyone at Disney, I thank you for your continued support as we strive to create the next generation
 of fantastic family entertainment.
